---
layout: post
title: "1 Why the Minority?"
author: "Hana"
---

Last year, a hit movie _Call Me By My Name_ storms the whole movie industry. The story starts with the relationship between a 17-year-old Jewish American-Italian boy and a 24-year-old Jewish American graduate student. Yes, it’s a gay film. No doubt, due to the conservative atmosphere, LGBT themed films are strictly prohibited in China. In spite of that, to my satisfaction, a booming number of Chinese people are paying attention to the LGBT minority. So today, for my first post, we are going to talk about the Minority Group.

As an English debater, we are often told to do the contextualization on a certain theme. When debating, we often push ourselves to think what really happens at the status-quo and ask ourselves **WHY?**

So, think about this question: why is it so important to protect the Minority? All of the peers or English debaters will argue that for the sake of themselves: if we don’t protect the minority, next time, I will be more likely to become a part of them, such as being isolated by other students, thus no one would ever like to talk to you. You feel so lonely and desperate and you feel like no one cares about what you did and how you feel. Later, a sunny day morning, you are found on the staircase where only a few students would pass. Definitely, you don’t want to end yourself like this, right? From the utilitarianism level, I still hold the belief that it’s not just to establish utility over the minority group of people. Even if we say it’s morally right, however, all these happened would **eventually decrease the overall happiness for each**,  for those who are being ignorant to this guy would be criticized by their school teachers, headmasters, even if it’s indirect(no one could really figure out the causality), however what they have done has already be a part of themselves and every criticism seems going directly to themselves, thus making these people feel shame on themselves and start to blame themselves. It’s quite similar to a Netflix show _13 reasons why_, isn’t it? Also, sorrow would spread through the newspaper and school might close for further investigation. Thus, you still cannot achieve what you so-called utility, which is, for this case, unjust and I will do the analysis later. Even we help these people for our own sake, we don’t believe it’s morally just. Why? From the morality level, what makes an action just or moral worth consists in their intention or motive. In this case, the motive is to protect you from being one of them, which is not morally just. If your motive is simply to help these group of people, then it’s morally right. Back to the reality, even you did this for some ulterior motive, it still helps the minority, thus we consider its ok to some extent. However, for the second case, it differs from the first one as we cannot solve it by only invoking the argument we told before.

We have 56 ethnical groups in China, and one of them, the majority ethnical group is Han and other 55 small ethnical groups scatter across the country. As a member of Han, I believe it’s very hard or impossible to become a member of the 55 small ethnical groups(All of my family members are Han). Then, why we still care about these ethnical groups? We don’t have direct connections between these groups, besides our nationalities. Some might argue today China, as a whole, shares many common things like festivals, aesthetical thoughts as a reason for care for the minority. Alright, we take a step back and set the background to ancient China. At that time, almost every ethnical groups have their own language, own costumes, own territories etc. We hate other ethnical groups because we have a different mindset and always fight with other groups for goods or territories. Why we still care about these people? Because we care about cultural diversity. However, Why cultural diversity matters so much to me? It’s really hard to argue, right? So, let’s change the view from which to **human right**. We care about them because they live in the same world as we are. Principle wise, It’s never just only because we are the majority and you are the minority, thus you build the utility over these minority, only to keep majority’s satisfaction. Practical wise, it could cause tangible harm to the majority.

### BUT DO WE REALLY KNOW WHAT IS REALLY HAPPENING TO THEM?

Presumably, no! This sense of incapability always stays right inside of me when depicting a certain status-quo. Even though I have noticed the importance of minority, no one as a majority would know exactly what really happens to them and how they really feel. Nevertheless, we pay more attention to them and that’s the only thing we can do.
