---
layout: post
title: "1 The Minority"
author: "Hana"
---

Last year, a hit movie _Call Me By My Name_ storms the whole movie industry. Unlike other romantic movies, the story begins with the relationship between a 17-year-old Jewish American-Italian boy and a 24-year-old Jewish American graduate student. Yes, it’s an gay film. No doubt, due to the conservative atmosphere, LGBT films are strictly prohibited in China. Nonetheless, to my satisfaction, a booming number of Chinese people are paying much more attention to the LGBT group. Today, we are going to talk about the Minority Group.

This is a problem be discussed widely why is it so important to protect the Minority? All of peers or english debaters will argue that, for the sake of themselves, we don’t want to become the minorities, such as being isolated by other students, thus no one would ever like to talk to you. You feel so lonely, so desperate and you feel like no one cares about what you did and how you feel. Later, a sunny day morning, you are found on the staircase where few student passes.

Tell you another one. There’re 56 ethnical groups in China, and one of them, the majority ethnical group is Han and other 55 small ethnical groups scatters across the country. As a member of Han, I believe it’s very hard or impossible to become a member of the 55 small ethnical groups(All of my family members are Han). Then, why we still care about these ethnical groups? We don’t have direct connections between these groups, besides our nationalities. Opposition might argue today China, as a whole, shares many common things like festivals, dressing codes etc. Never mind. Let’s set the background to the ancient China. Almost every ethnical groups have their own language, own costumes, etc. We hate other ethnical groups, because we always fight with each other for goods or territories. Why we still care about these people? Because we care about cultural diversity. Why cultural diversity matters so much to me? It’s really hard to argue, right? So, let’s change our perspective of view from which to **human right**. We care about them because they live on the world as we are. Principle wise, It’s never just only because we are majority and you are minority, thus you build the utility over these minority, only to keep majority’s satisfaction. Practical wise, it could cause tangible harm to the majority.  